This file explains everything that is wrong with the current IMPLEMENTATION_PLAN.md. While working through this, please add a spec file describing more details of game behavior based on your learnings here.

- we need to ensure that the cost of programs is the same between both impls. so when a program is uses, the correct # of resources are used.
- we also need to ensure that when calling reset, or entering a new stage, thuse creating a new stage, that the state is correct. e.g., the data blocks have the same transmission count as score.
- we need to ensure that any action that end the turn of the player causes any non-stunned enemy to move (may already have this in the tests)
- for all program uses, ensure that the credits/energy player has gets reduces (test setup needs to ensure they have enough to begin with to run the program)
- there are all kinds of cases where even when player has a program and has enough reosurces, he can't player a program for other reasons (these are all listed out in the `isProgramApplicable` function in `GameState.swift`)

here are issues with specific tests as they currently are:
2.1: valid actions are only that if where they move is somewhere that also has spaces above, below, left and right.
2.4: incorrect. moving onto a cell with credits/energy does not collect them. (requires siphoning)
2.5. incorrect, same as 2.4.
2.6. incorrect, same as 2.4
2.x: add test for **data siphon collection by walking** - when player moves onto a cell with a data siphon, they pick it up (unlike credits/energy which require siphoning)
2.x : let's add a test that if a player is more than 1 block away from an enemy but that enemy is in its line-of-sight, player attacks when sending the directional action toward them (rather than move)
2.x: let's add a test that if an enemy is more than one block away from player but resides on a block (as e.g. the glitch can commonly do), and is in player's line of sight, then when player takes the action of the direction toward the enemy, player will attack enemy,
2.10: test_siphon_data_block - data blocks always have the same score as transmission count, so make sure those are the same
2.11: this is an invalid test. a siphon is always a valid action so long as the palyer has siphons available.
2.12: this is also an invalid test. 
2.14: ths is incorrect: Resources at block position do NOT become visible after siphon. the only way that happens is when blocks are destroyed (only possible via the hack and crash programs)
2.18: in addition to enemies getting damaged/killed, any blocks (siphoned or not) get destroyed, becoming cells that can be navigated to, and exposing resources underneath. please test for this.
2.19: player position changes to a random enemy (not an adjacent one), killing that enemy. we can either 1) test this w/ 1 enemy, know where the player should end up, or 2) (better) test this with multiple enemies, where the player will end up in the position of one of the enemies, killing it
2.20: in addition: there is an edge-case: if the enemy is a Daemon with 1 HP, then poly effectively kills it (daemon w/ 1/3 HP -> Crypto w/ 0/2 HP -> dead)
2.22: debug damages (maybe kills) enemies on blocks, but also stuns them 
2.23: ROW also stuns
2.24: COL also stuns
2.25: UNDO also reverse enemy positions
2.29: SHOW should additionally make it so that transmissions show the incoming enemy 
2.32: D_BOM: not only does the nearest daemon get destroyed, but it does damage to (and stuns) any enemy in its 8 touching positions
2.34: ANTI-V also stuns all viruses
2.38: also any blocks that were siphoned get destroyed, making the cells underneath traversable, and exposing underlying resources
2.59: invalid test. siphoning is valid action whenever player has data siphons
